#journal 

# Dreams
I had a dream last night of escaping from a creepy old man into a mail room while on my way to a job at the post office. I knew I should t be there but I was afraid of being late for my job so I pretended like I belonged. Running up the stairs through a set of double doors I came to an old dark room full of conveyor belts. There was a door at the other end of the room and I comically ran or balanced my way along the belts towards it. At this point, the security of the building had caught on to my presence and started chasing me. It took a while for them to catch me amidst the machinery, but eventually they did. Among the guards was the manager of the post office. I explained my situation and although she was peeved, allowed me to interview for the job right there. At this point I think I switched bodies, I was still myself, but was following a different character, a woman who had been following me without my knowledge. She, now I, had witnessed the conveyor room display and although she, or I was attracted to me, took leave of the room, finding myself in a quiet hallway, lined with doors and old looking post office boxes. I walked towards a bustle of voices emanating from the other end of the hall, but paused as I noticed all of the poxes were open. Without a second thought, I peeked inside one of the boxes and found a pair of expensive earrings. A circular jem lined with diamonds. I opened another box, this time finding a single piece of silver in the she shape of a teardrop, also an earring. I slipped the jewel intoy pocket and the silver into my pierced ears just before an old woman opened a door right next to me. Without looking at her, I pushed through the door at the end of the hall and entered the lobby of the post office. Everyone was fancily dressed, and the chatter held an air of relaxed importance. Along the walls were round tables, over which people were eating and conversing. With a deep breath, I walked confidently down the hall, giving my best confused distain to anyone giving me a second glance. I reached the door and as I was about to leave, my other self, finished with the interview grabbed my arm, but let go as we exchanged glances-I tried to communicate that I was concerned about being caught with someone else's heirloom, and that once I sold it we could meet again, but I don't know if he understood. I exited down the stairs and to the left. 

On the street I found a more common crowd. Music was playing and as I approached, found my grandfather and a few other men I didn't recognize having a jam session. I joined at his invitation and started singing and dancing madly in circles. Faster and faster and faster, until the crowed streets started to blur.  

# Media 
I listened to Philosophize This 