#journal 

Boxes raked: 23

# Thoughts
I've been thinking about shame how it comes up in relationships. Leo was talking about it on the line yesterday, and I thought at first I didn't have much to say about it. I was wrong. Leo is thinking about how shame-in the realm of sex and relationships-can be a catalyst to destructive thoughts and actions when given free reign, and how it can be processed through intimacy and dance. I have experienced shame in relation to sexual desires, and when having or talking about crushes. Both of these forms have catalyzed destructive behavior at some point in my life, but working through then has also brought me peace, and a better understanding of myself. 

The first time I experienced shame about my sexual desires was (of course) in middle school. I was embarrassed that I had sexual desire at all and although I would masturbate and watch point, I didn't feel good about it. The shame of masturbation, caused me to make a schedule for myself, as silly as that sounds, in an attempt to control the desire. I took some inspiration from Buddhism, believing that my desire was a hindrance to enlightenment. Whatever the case, I eventually realized that desire wasn't all bad. I learned a lot about sex play from the videos that I watched, even if it did distort my perception of what it is like. The important take away for me, is that self denial, that comes from unchecked shame is destructive. 

My most acute experience with shame about having crushes happened at a sleep away math camp I went to in high school. I was infatuated with one of the other campers, and as I often do, fixated on her. She was a bright personality, and was game to talk existential philosophy even though it was a math camp. One evening, I tried flirting with her during a game of One Night Werewolf. I did not realize that her boyfriend was right next to her. All the signs were there, but I could not see them though my fixation. 