Climate change is one of the largest problems that humanity is grappling with today. The way we treat our planet is reflected back to us in rising temperatures and sea levels and decreasing biodiversity of critical ecosystems. Many solutions already exist such as solar and wind farms, plastic cleanup efforts, and climate modeling. However, because of the enormity of the problem, most solutions are only as effective as our ability to scale them. Fortunately, there are companies tackling these problems of scale. Autonomous River Cleanup, ARC for short, is developing a robot to aid in removing plastic waste from the surface of rivers, and the energy company AES has designed an autonomous solar panel installation robot which works more than twice as fast and more efficiently than humans. SS MAPR is an autonomous robot developed by Sherry Chen which aids in environmental research by collecting multi-depth water quality data. Suffice to say robotics is crucial to the future of sustainability action at scale.

With sustainability in mind, I plan to attend the Robotics master’s program with a minor in Sustainability Engineering at École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL). Through this program, I am eager to explore the intersections of robotics, sustainability, and social impact. EPFL boasts one of the world's top robotics programs and offers a customizable program that will give me exposure to both research and application of robotics. I will learn how to implement autonomous, intelligent robots in courses like Legged Robots and Deep learning for autonomous vehicles, while implementing them in a variety of academic and extracurricular projects such as the Interdisciplinary robot competition where teams of three compete to design a trash cleaning robot. Other ongoing student projects include, EPFL Xplore, a project dedicated to designing a terrestrial rover for soil research, and Carbon Removal, a team competing to win the XPRIZE Carbon Removal competition. In addition to semester and extra-curricular projects, I will also have the opportunity to participate in EPFL’s internship program, which pairs me with a company of my choice to practice the skills and theory I learn in class. This opportunity will allow me to learn from roboticists in the field doing work on climate change. My goal for this internship is to build connections with people doing the work in green tech in order to strengthen the global network of climate roboticists. There are many companies in Switzerland that I would be excited to work for including Autonomous River Cleanup, developer of the river cleanup robot, and EcoRobotix, developer of an autonomous system to track the health of crops. 

Switzerland provides a thriving ecosystem for my academic and professional growth in robotics. Research centers such as CLIMACT—a research center focusing on climate change —and the WSL Environmental robotics lab—a lab researching mobile robotics for sample collection—will help me expand my network of climate roboticists. Outside of direct climate solutions, labs like the Swiss National Center for Competence in Robotics (NCCR) and companies like Sevensence provide opportunities to further my engineering and design skills. I will consider some of these organizations for my internship, but I will keep up to date with opportunities to get involved, and reach out for informational interviews to continue building my network.

My preparation for robotics has been theoretical and computationally oriented. During my sophomore and junior summers, I interned for the Haverford Computer Science department, studying mouse input biometrics for user authentication under Professor Rajesh Kumar. My contribution included testing various models in their efficacy at differentiating between users based solely on their mouse movement. This was my first experience with practical machine learning using python, Tensorflow, and Keras to build and test our models. This experience will be useful when taking courses such as computer vision among other courses at EPFL, as machine learning is more important now than ever when it comes to designing smart and efficient machines. For my senior thesis research, I contributed to a larger project to understand ancient ceremonies using crowd simulations and accurate city models. My contribution included a software package for architectural design and procedural modeling. The tool works by encoding complex, repeating patterns using the spatial relationships of their component shapes. From a software perspective, I designed an interpreter to read the syntax of text encodings and translate them into geometric data. This project gave me experience with the research and development process of complex algorithms; a skill that will be vital for my success in a software heavy robotics program. Lastly, both my machine learning and Thesis research gave me experience documenting my code and presenting my work to an academic audience. 

Communication was always a cornerstone of my learning at Haverford. One of the greatest communication skills I learned came from the math department. Almost all the math classes I took at Haverford had a proof writing component. As an intuitive thinker it was a difficult transition for me to slow down and think through the logic of my ideas. Proofs in math are the way mathematicians communicate ideas with unquestionable certainty. They work by taking a set of agreed upon truths and logically extrapolating a truth that may be far beyond what is intuitive. My experience with the math department taught me to think clearly and logically about hard problems—a skill that I have used countless times in many academic and social spheres. Clear communication aided me when writing the accompanying paper to my thesis, and helped me break down some of the complex ideas into intelligible parts. At Fulbright, I hope to use this skill when communicating about the projects I take on.

Switzerland would not have been as attractive a destination for me if it didn’t have such a beautiful landscape and ecology. As a long time climber, hiker, and general adventurer, exploring the Swiss Alps is high on my todo list. However, accompanying my excitement is the same urgency that inspires me to work on climate change. Due to a number of factors including elevation, location, and topography, Switzerland is warming significantly faster than the global average. The warmer weather will come with many challenges including difficult to maintain infrastructure, changing ecology. Increased precipitation, and melting glaciers will cause faster erosion in the Alps, making for more hazardous climbing conditions. I am eager to connect with the people and communities who benefit from the outdoors and look forward to using these connections as inspiration for my master’s. 

I gained many technical skills during my time in undergrad, but that time also gave me an understanding of the work I will do moving forward. I want to make the world a better place, and developing robotic solutions to climate problems is a practical and enjoyable way to realize that goal. My completion of the EPFL robotics program through Fulbright will help me add another ink in the small but growing chain of roboticists working on climate change. After graduating, I look forward to connecting with companies around Switzerland and the US. I will work to build sustainable solutions while maintaining the network of roboticists that I will build at EPFL and the Fulbright program. After working in the industry, I hope to move on, either to build my own company or to pursue my PhD in robotics and sustainability.