In July 2023, Vermont saw worse flooding than during hurricane Irene in 2011. Downtown Montpelier, the capital, and many towns in northern Vermont were shut down as streets turned into rivers, washing away people's lives. This was no hurricane, just a rainstorm, one of many likely to happen in the coming years. I have lived in Vermont for my entire life. Growing up there has given me an appreciation for nature---its fragility, beauty, and healing qualities. Living in one place for so long has also given me insight into the patterns of a changing climate. Later Falls, warmer Winters, earlier Springs, and hotter summers may appear to be outliers when spread across many years but are easy to correlate 20 years later.

While I was playing outside in the dirt, my interest in Science and Technology were also developing. I participated in a Lego Robotics competition in elementary school, taught myself to program in middle school, and attended math classes at my local college in high school. Entering college, I expected to major in math. Proof writing was a wonderful mental exercise, and the community of the math department at Haverford was kind and supportive. However, I was unsettled by the fact that there was no direct path between the theoretical math that I was doing and a career that I wanted. I decided to switch to a Computer Science major. Applying the logical thinking skills I obtained from math, programming came easily to me, and the subject of the Computer Science courses were both exciting and applicable.

Since starting my computer science journey in middle school, I started to grow my awareness of its power, and the implications of that power. I was initially drawn to computers because of their open-ended flexibility. Modern computers are all 'Turing Complete', meaning they can do any operation imaginable to a set of data given enough time. The ability to do anything within a set of parameters is also what makes computers so powerful; any problem that can be formulated in terms of data and an instruction set, can be solved (eventually) by a computer. The deeper I went into computer science, the more I learned about the wonderful and terrible problems that people were solving with them. On one end of the spectrum, there is Ecosia, a non-profit search engine that plants trees with their ad revenue. On the other end, there is Instagram, one of the pioneers of the infinitely scrolling feed, developing an algorithm to keep your attention for as long as possible. By the time I completed my degree in May 2023, I already knew that a big tech company was not in my long-term future. I want to use my degree for something that will help the world, and given my love of the outdoors, I naturally wanted to help mitigate the effects of climate change.

There are many ways to approach the problem of climate change. My decision to pursue robotics stems, once again, from my utilitarianism. In the same way that computer science has been my application for theoretical math, robotics will be my platform for writing software. On the whole, software is meaningless without hardware. Although we take it for granted, all data must be translated for it to make sense. Screens are one method of translation, but so are robots. Unlike screens, robots have the ability to interact with the world directly, making them able to enact an intention on the world. Once again, that intention can be good or evil. I am inspired by companies like Zipline and ARC (Autonomous River Clean Up) for making

. , making them ideal for solving physical problems. 

Growing up, although I understood that climate change was a problem, it was not

Vermont is a fortunate place to live. Many places experience outliers that are to large to ignore. According to experts, Vermont will be one of the least affected states in the US by climate change.
