I have not always liked robots. When I was three, was terrified of the toy car with the yellow button that made a noise when you pressed it. I couldn’t understand how something so dead could be so loud. Eventually I learned how electrical circuits can transfer energy into a vibrating metal speaker by directing an electric field. Despite my initial reaction, I quickly grew to love circuits. I have a visceral memory of playing with a toy circuit kit, and attempting to shoot a propeller as high as possible off the circuit board.
In elementary school my mom, and a few other motivated parents, organized a team to compete in FIRST Lego League (FLL). This was my first experience with working on a large project with a group of peers. Each competition had a theme, That included a large gameboard with tasks that we would design lego robots to complete autonomously. The competition also included a presentation on a topic related to the theme. I competed in a 

*Robotics is powerful, and can be used for immense good or evil*

When thinking about why I suddenly  find robotics interesting, I come to a few conclusions. When I was in elementary school I took part in FLL, a lego robotics competition where teams would be ranked based on technical robotics skill and presentation on a solution to a real world problem. The Robotics may have been built out of legos but the real-world solutions were often well researched. I remember one of the themes was diseases. We focused on Alzheimer's disease and presented a solution that uses nano-robots to neutralize the built-up plaque around nerve endings. This sense of purpose was incredibly inspiring for me because I have always been interested in helping people. FLL was one of my first introductions to programing and I spent the next 10 years developing various computational skills.

I completed the math curriculum at my high school in record time and took the AP computer science as an independent study. since it wasn’t offered in the small school I attended. However, I never made another opportunity for myself to pursue robotics. Maybe I was having an existential crisis that drew me towards domains which are perfectly controllable, or maybe my interests just changed. Whatever the case, I continued pursuing math in college, and got most of the way through my degree before realizing that it wasn’t what I wanted to be doing, and probably hadn’t been for a while. Thus, I landed at computer science, something that I had continued to study mostly in my free time until my sophomore year. I completed my degree in computer science, specializing in computer graphics. Starting early in my computer science career, I was aware of the moral dilemmas presented by computer science. Computers run the modern world, and so anyone who can program them can exhibit their will on the world in a large way. Upon receiving my degree, I spent a long time thinking about what I want to use it for. For me, meaning often comes in service to others. Thus, I want to work on the problems which have the largest potential to affect people’s lives for the better. Climate change is one of those problems

Even before I enrolled at Haverford college, I knew what I was going to do. I would take all of the most advanced math classes and have a minor or double major in computer science or physics. I loved all of the math classes I had taken in high school, and was fascinated by the snippets of higher level math I found on the web. I 

I found computer science to be compelling because of its creative aspects. Although there is a lot of math behind computers, it is math that enables computers to create endlessly. Computer science was initially more accessible to me than math, and as a result, helped me to understand the mathematical complexity behind it. 

I have always respected the power of computer science. I remember watching a documentary called 'The Social Dilemma' a couple years ago. It talked about the dangers of social media and the lengths that the most powerful companies in the world will go to hold onto data about their customers. In the same way that national parks will ask you to leave no trace when camping, I believe that that is the goal of technology: helping people to live their lives without getting in the way. I want to learn robotics for its potential efficacy in this pursuit. Tackling problems like climate change with robotics will help us to minimize our effect on the world while improving the lives of millions of people. 

Just like FLL inspired me to pursue programming for its benefits to society, the possibility for robotics to help with the climate effort is inspiring me to put my skills to use. 